google-cloud-gaming-v1/README.md, before:

# Ruby Client for the Cloud Gaming V1 API

API Client library for the Cloud Gaming V1 API

Deploys and manages infrastructure for global multiplayer gaming experiences.

https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-ruby

## Installation

```
$ gem install google-cloud-gaming-v1
```

## Before You Begin

In order to use this library, you first need to go through the following steps:

1. [Select or create a Cloud Platform project.](https://console.cloud.google.com/project)
1. [Enable billing for your project.](https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/modify-project#enable_billing_for_a_project)
1. [Enable the API.](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/gameservices.googleapis.com)
1. {file:AUTHENTICATION.md Set up authentication.}

## Quick Start

```ruby
require "google/cloud/gaming/v1"

client = ::Google::Cloud::Gaming::V1::GameServerClustersService::Client.new
request = my_create_request
response = client.list_game_server_clusters request
```

View the [Client Library Documentation](https://googleapis.dev/ruby/google-cloud-gaming-v1/latest)
for class and method documentation.

See also the [Product Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/game-servers)
for general usage information.

## Enabling Logging

To enable logging for this library, set the logger for the underlying [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/tree/master/src/ruby) library.
The logger that you set may be a Ruby stdlib [`Logger`](https://ruby-doc.org/stdlib/libdoc/logger/rdoc/Logger.html) as shown below,
or a [`Google::Cloud::Logging::Logger`](https://googleapis.dev/ruby/google-cloud-logging/latest)
that will write logs to [Cloud Logging](https://cloud.google.com/logging/). See [grpc/logconfig.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/lib/grpc/logconfig.rb)
and the gRPC [spec_helper.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/spec/spec_helper.rb) for additional information.

Configuring a Ruby stdlib logger:

```ruby
require "logger"

module MyLogger
  LOGGER = Logger.new $stderr, level: Logger::WARN
  def logger
    LOGGER
  end
end

# Define a gRPC module-level logger method before grpc/logconfig.rb loads.
module GRPC
  extend MyLogger
end
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.4+.

Google provides official support for Ruby versions that are actively supported
by Ruby Core—that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal maintenance or
in security maintenance, and not end of life. Currently, this means Ruby 2.4
and later. Older versions of Ruby _may_ still work, but are unsupported and not
recommended. See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for details
about the Ruby support schedule.

Commit message:

Update description and regen with new generator

google-cloud-gaming-v1/README.md, after:

# Ruby Client for the Cloud Gaming V1 API

API Client library for the Cloud Gaming V1 API

With Game Servers, studios and publishers can deploy and manage their game server infrastructure hosted on multiple Agones clusters around the world through a single interface.

https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-ruby

## Installation

```
$ gem install google-cloud-gaming-v1
```

## Before You Begin

In order to use this library, you first need to go through the following steps:

1. [Select or create a Cloud Platform project.](https://console.cloud.google.com/project)
1. [Enable billing for your project.](https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/modify-project#enable_billing_for_a_project)
1. [Enable the API.](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/gameservices.googleapis.com)
1. {file:AUTHENTICATION.md Set up authentication.}

## Quick Start

```ruby
require "google/cloud/gaming/v1"

client = ::Google::Cloud::Gaming::V1::GameServerClustersService::Client.new
request = my_create_request
response = client.list_game_server_clusters request
```

View the [Client Library Documentation](https://googleapis.dev/ruby/google-cloud-gaming-v1/latest)
for class and method documentation.

See also the [Product Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/game-servers)
for general usage information.

## Enabling Logging

To enable logging for this library, set the logger for the underlying [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/tree/master/src/ruby) library.
The logger that you set may be a Ruby stdlib [`Logger`](https://ruby-doc.org/stdlib/libdoc/logger/rdoc/Logger.html) as shown below,
or a [`Google::Cloud::Logging::Logger`](https://googleapis.dev/ruby/google-cloud-logging/latest)
that will write logs to [Cloud Logging](https://cloud.google.com/logging/). See [grpc/logconfig.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/lib/grpc/logconfig.rb)
and the gRPC [spec_helper.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/spec/spec_helper.rb) for additional information.

Configuring a Ruby stdlib logger:

```ruby
require "logger"

module MyLogger
  LOGGER = Logger.new $stderr, level: Logger::WARN
  def logger
    LOGGER
  end
end

# Define a gRPC module-level logger method before grpc/logconfig.rb loads.
module GRPC
  extend MyLogger
end
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.4+.

Google provides official support for Ruby versions that are actively supported
by Ruby Core—that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal maintenance or
in security maintenance, and not end of life. Currently, this means Ruby 2.4
and later. Older versions of Ruby _may_ still work, but are unsupported and not
recommended. See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for details
about the Ruby support schedule.
