google-cloud-core/README.md, before:

# google-cloud-core

This library contains shared types, such as error classes, for the google-cloud project. Please see the top-level project [README](../README.md) for general information.

- [google-cloud-core API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-core/latest)

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.0+.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

It is currently in major version zero (0.y.z), which means that anything may change at any time and the public API should not be considered stable.

## Contributing

Contributions to this library are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the [Contributing Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/guides/contributing) for more information on how to get started.

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms. See [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under Apache 2.0. Full license text is available in [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Support

Please [report bugs at the project on Github](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/issues).
Don't hesitate to [ask questions](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-platform+ruby) about the client or APIs on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com).

Commit message:

WIP: Document and check for unsupported Ruby versions

google-cloud-core/README.md, after:

# google-cloud-core

This library contains shared types, such as error classes, for the google-cloud project. Please see the top-level project [README](../README.md) for general information.

- [google-cloud-core API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-core/latest)

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is currently supported on Ruby 2.0+.

However, Ruby 2.3 or later is strongly recommended, as earlier releases are
or are nearing end-of-life. After June 1, 2018, Google will provide official
support only for Ruby versions that are considered current and supported by
Ruby-core (that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal maintenance or in
security maintenance).
See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for further details.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

It is currently in major version zero (0.y.z), which means that anything may change at any time and the public API should not be considered stable.

## Contributing

Contributions to this library are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the [Contributing Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/guides/contributing) for more information on how to get started.

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms. See [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under Apache 2.0. Full license text is available in [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Support

Please [report bugs at the project on Github](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/issues).
Don't hesitate to [ask questions](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-platform+ruby) about the client or APIs on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com).
