google-cloud-language/README.md, before:

# Ruby Client for Google Cloud Natural Language API ([Alpha](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby#versioning))

[Google Cloud Natural Language API][Product Documentation]:
Google Cloud Natural Language API provides natural language understanding
technologies to developers. Examples include sentiment analysis, entity
recognition, and text annotations.
- [Client Library Documentation][]
- [Product Documentation][]

## Quick Start
In order to use this library, you first need to go through the following
steps:

1. [Select or create a Cloud Platform project.](https://console.cloud.google.com/project)
2. [Enable billing for your project.](https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/modify-project#enable_billing_for_a_project)
3. [Enable the Google Cloud Natural Language API.](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/language)
4. [Setup Authentication.](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud/master/guides/authentication)

### Installation
```
$ gem install google-cloud-language
```

### Preview
#### LanguageServiceClient
```rb
require "google/cloud/language"

language_service_client = Google::Cloud::Language.new
content = "Hello, world!"
type = :PLAIN_TEXT
document = { content: content, type: type }
response = language_service_client.analyze_sentiment(document)
```

### Next Steps
- Read the [Client Library Documentation][] for Google Cloud Natural Language API
  to see other available methods on the client.
- Read the [Google Cloud Natural Language API Product documentation][Product Documentation]
  to learn more about the product and see How-to Guides.
- View this [repository's main README](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/blob/master/README.md)
  to see the full list of Cloud APIs that we cover.

## Enabling Logging

To enable logging for this library, set the logger for the underlying [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/tree/master/src/ruby) library. The logger that you set may be a Ruby stdlib [`Logger`](https://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.5.0/libdoc/logger/rdoc/Logger.html) as shown below, or a [`Google::Cloud::Logging::Logger`](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-logging/latest/google/cloud/logging/logger) that will write logs to [Stackdriver Logging](https://cloud.google.com/logging/). See [grpc/logconfig.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/lib/grpc/logconfig.rb) and the gRPC [spec_helper.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/spec/spec_helper.rb) for additional information.

Configuring a Ruby stdlib logger:

```ruby
require "logger"

module MyLogger
  LOGGER = Logger.new $stderr, level: Logger::WARN
  def logger
    LOGGER
  end
end

# Define a gRPC module-level logger method before grpc/logconfig.rb loads.
module GRPC
  extend MyLogger
end
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.0+.

However, Ruby 2.3 or later is strongly recommended, as earlier releases have
reached or are nearing end-of-life. After June 1, 2018, Google will provide
official support only for Ruby versions that are considered current and
supported by Ruby Core (that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal
maintenance or in security maintenance).
See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for further details.

[Client Library Documentation]: https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-language/latest/google/cloud/language/v1
[Product Documentation]: https://cloud.google.com/natural-language

Commit message:

Officially support only Ruby 2.3 and later (#2130)
Update readmes to reflect Ruby version requirements, stop testing EOL Ruby versions, and remove hacks that allowed us to continue testing against EOL Ruby versions.

google-cloud-language/README.md, after:

# Ruby Client for Google Cloud Natural Language API ([Alpha](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby#versioning))

[Google Cloud Natural Language API][Product Documentation]:
Google Cloud Natural Language API provides natural language understanding
technologies to developers. Examples include sentiment analysis, entity
recognition, and text annotations.
- [Client Library Documentation][]
- [Product Documentation][]

## Quick Start
In order to use this library, you first need to go through the following
steps:

1. [Select or create a Cloud Platform project.](https://console.cloud.google.com/project)
2. [Enable billing for your project.](https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/modify-project#enable_billing_for_a_project)
3. [Enable the Google Cloud Natural Language API.](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/language)
4. [Setup Authentication.](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud/master/guides/authentication)

### Installation
```
$ gem install google-cloud-language
```

### Preview
#### LanguageServiceClient
```rb
require "google/cloud/language"

language_service_client = Google::Cloud::Language.new
content = "Hello, world!"
type = :PLAIN_TEXT
document = { content: content, type: type }
response = language_service_client.analyze_sentiment(document)
```

### Next Steps
- Read the [Client Library Documentation][] for Google Cloud Natural Language API
  to see other available methods on the client.
- Read the [Google Cloud Natural Language API Product documentation][Product Documentation]
  to learn more about the product and see How-to Guides.
- View this [repository's main README](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/blob/master/README.md)
  to see the full list of Cloud APIs that we cover.

## Enabling Logging

To enable logging for this library, set the logger for the underlying [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/tree/master/src/ruby) library. The logger that you set may be a Ruby stdlib [`Logger`](https://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.5.0/libdoc/logger/rdoc/Logger.html) as shown below, or a [`Google::Cloud::Logging::Logger`](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-logging/latest/google/cloud/logging/logger) that will write logs to [Stackdriver Logging](https://cloud.google.com/logging/). See [grpc/logconfig.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/lib/grpc/logconfig.rb) and the gRPC [spec_helper.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/spec/spec_helper.rb) for additional information.

Configuring a Ruby stdlib logger:

```ruby
require "logger"

module MyLogger
  LOGGER = Logger.new $stderr, level: Logger::WARN
  def logger
    LOGGER
  end
end

# Define a gRPC module-level logger method before grpc/logconfig.rb loads.
module GRPC
  extend MyLogger
end
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.3+.

Google provides official support for Ruby versions that are actively supported
by Ruby Core—that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal maintenance or
in security maintenance, and not end of life. Currently, this means Ruby 2.3
and later. Older versions of Ruby _may_ still work, but are unsupported and not
recommended. See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for details
about the Ruby support schedule.

[Client Library Documentation]: https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-language/latest/google/cloud/language/v1
[Product Documentation]: https://cloud.google.com/natural-language
