google-cloud-error_reporting/README.md, before:

# google-cloud-error_reporting

[Stackdriver Error Reporting](https://cloud.google.com/error-reporting/) counts,
analyzes and aggregates errors raised in your running cloud services. A
centralized error management interface displays the results with sorting
and filtering capabilities. A dedicated view shows the error details: time
chart, occurrences, affected user count, first and last seen dates and a
cleaned exception stack trace. Opt-in to receive email and mobile alerts on
new errors.

- [google-cloud-error_reporting API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-error_reporting/latest)
- [google-cloud-error_reporting instrumentation documentation](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-error_reporting/guides/instrumentation)
- [google-cloud-error_reporting on RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/gems/google-cloud-error_reporting)
- [Stackdriver ErrorReporting documentation](https://cloud.google.com/error-reporting/docs/)

## Quick Start

Install the gem directly:

```sh
$ gem install google-cloud-error_reporting
```

Or install through Bundler:

1. Add the `google-cloud-error_reporting` gem to your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "google-cloud-error_reporting"
```

2. Use Bundler to install the gem:

```sh
$ bundle install
```

Alternatively, check out the [`stackdriver`](../stackdriver) gem that includes
the `google-cloud-error_reporting` gem.

## Enable Stackdriver Error Reporting API

The Stackdriver Error Reporting library needs the [Stackdriver Error
Reporting API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/clouderrorreporting.googleapis.com)
to be enabled on your Google Cloud project. Make sure it's enabled if not
already.

## Reporting errors in Rack-based frameworks

The Stackdriver Error Reporting library for Ruby makes it easy to integrate
Stackdriver Error Reporting into popular Rack-based Ruby web frameworks such as
Ruby on Rails and Sinatra. When the library integration is enabled, it
automatically reports exceptions captured from the application's Rack stack.

### With Ruby on Rails

You can load the Railtie that comes with the library into your Ruby
on Rails application by explicitly requiring it during the application startup:

```ruby
# In config/application.rb
require "google/cloud/error_reporting/rails"
```

If you're using the `stackdriver` gem, it automatically loads the Railtie into
your application when it starts.

### With other Rack-based frameworks

Other Rack-based frameworks, such as Sinatra, can use the Rack Middleware
provided by the library:

```ruby
require "google/cloud/error_reporting"
use Google::Cloud::ErrorReporting::Middleware
```

## Reporting errors manually

Manually reporting an error is as easy as calling the report method:

```ruby
require "google/cloud/error_reporting"
begin
  fail "boom!"
rescue => exception
  Google::Cloud::ErrorReporting.report exception
end
```

## Configuring the library

You can customize the behavior of the Stackdriver Error Reporting library for
Ruby. See the [configuration guide](../stackdriver/docs/configuration.md) for a list
of possible configuration options.

## Running on Google Cloud Platform

The Stackdriver Error Reporting library for Ruby should work without you
manually providing authentication credentials for instances running on Google
Cloud Platform, as long as the Stackdriver Error Reporting API access scope is
enabled on that instance.

### App Engine

On Google App Engine, the Stackdriver Error Reporting API access scope is
enabled by default, and the Stackdriver Error Reporting library for Ruby can
be used without providing credentials or a project ID.

### Container Engine

On Google Container Engine, you must explicitly add the `cloud-platform` OAuth
scope when creating the cluster:

```sh
$ gcloud container clusters create example-cluster-name --scopes https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform
```

You may also do this through the Google Cloud Platform Console. Select
**Enabled** in the **Cloud Platform** section of **Create a container cluster**.

### Compute Engine

For Google Compute Engine instances, you must explicitly enable the
`cloud-platform` access scope for each instance. When you create a new instance
through the Google Cloud Platform Console, you can do this under Identity and
API access: Use the Compute Engine default service account and select "Allow
full access to all Cloud APIs" under Access scopes.

## Running locally and elsewhere

To run the Stackdriver Error Reporting outside of Google Cloud Platform, you
must supply your GCP project ID and appropriate service account credentials
directly to the Stackdriver Error Reporting. This applies to running the
library on your own workstation, on your datacenter's computers, or on the VM
instances of another cloud provider. See the [Authentication
section](#authentication) for instructions on how to do so.

## Authentication

The Instrumentation client and API use Service Account credentials to connect
to Google Cloud services. When running on Google Cloud Platform environments,
the credentials will be discovered automatically. When running on other
environments the Service Account credentials can be specified by providing in
several ways.

The best way to provide authentication information if you're using Ruby on Rails
is through the Rails configuration interface:

```ruby
# in config/environments/*.rb
Rails.application.configure do |config|
  # Shared parameters
  config.google_cloud.project_id = "your-project-id"
  config.google_cloud.keyfile = "/path/to/key.json"
  # Or Stackdriver Error Reporting specific parameters
  config.google_cloud.error_reporting.project_id = "your-project-id"
  config.google_cloud.error_reporting.keyfile = "/path/to/key.json"
end
```

Other Rack-based applications that are loading the Rack Middleware directly or
using the manually reporting interface can leverage the configration interface:

```ruby
require "google/cloud/error_reporting"
Google::Cloud.configure do |config|
  # Shared parameters
  config.project_id = "your-project-id"
  config.keyfile = "/path/to/key.json"
  # Or Stackdriver Error Reporting specific parameters
  config.error_reporting.project_id = "your-project-id"
  config.error_reporting.keyfile = "/path/to/key.json"
end
```

This library also supports the other authentication methods provided by the
`google-cloud-ruby` suite. Instructions and configuration options are covered
in the [Authentication Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-debugger/guides/authentication).

## Enabling Logging

To enable logging for this library, set the logger for the underlying [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/tree/master/src/ruby) library. The logger that you set may be a Ruby stdlib [`Logger`](https://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.5.0/libdoc/logger/rdoc/Logger.html) as shown below, or a [`Google::Cloud::Logging::Logger`](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-logging/latest/google/cloud/logging/logger) that will write logs to [Stackdriver Logging](https://cloud.google.com/logging/). See [grpc/logconfig.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/lib/grpc/logconfig.rb) and the gRPC [spec_helper.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/spec/spec_helper.rb) for additional information.

Configuring a Ruby stdlib logger:

```ruby
require "logger"

module MyLogger
  LOGGER = Logger.new $stderr, level: Logger::WARN
  def logger
    LOGGER
  end
end

# Define a gRPC module-level logger method before grpc/logconfig.rb loads.
module GRPC
  extend MyLogger
end
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.0+.

However, Ruby 2.3 or later is strongly recommended, as earlier releases have
reached or are nearing end-of-life. After June 1, 2018, Google will provide
official support only for Ruby versions that are considered current and
supported by Ruby Core (that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal
maintenance or in security maintenance).
See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for further details.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

It is currently in major version zero (0.y.z), which means that anything may
change at any time and the public API should not be considered stable.

## Contributing

Contributions to this library are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the
[Contributing Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/guides/contributing)
for more information on how to get started.

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By
participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms. See
[Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under Apache 2.0. Full license text is available in
 [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Support

Please
[report bugs at the project on Github](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/issues).
Don't hesitate to
[ask questions](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-platform+ruby)
about the client or APIs on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com).

Commit message:

Officially support only Ruby 2.3 and later (#2130)
Update readmes to reflect Ruby version requirements, stop testing EOL Ruby versions, and remove hacks that allowed us to continue testing against EOL Ruby versions.

google-cloud-error_reporting/README.md, after:

# google-cloud-error_reporting

[Stackdriver Error Reporting](https://cloud.google.com/error-reporting/) counts,
analyzes and aggregates errors raised in your running cloud services. A
centralized error management interface displays the results with sorting
and filtering capabilities. A dedicated view shows the error details: time
chart, occurrences, affected user count, first and last seen dates and a
cleaned exception stack trace. Opt-in to receive email and mobile alerts on
new errors.

- [google-cloud-error_reporting API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-error_reporting/latest)
- [google-cloud-error_reporting instrumentation documentation](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-error_reporting/guides/instrumentation)
- [google-cloud-error_reporting on RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/gems/google-cloud-error_reporting)
- [Stackdriver ErrorReporting documentation](https://cloud.google.com/error-reporting/docs/)

## Quick Start

Install the gem directly:

```sh
$ gem install google-cloud-error_reporting
```

Or install through Bundler:

1. Add the `google-cloud-error_reporting` gem to your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "google-cloud-error_reporting"
```

2. Use Bundler to install the gem:

```sh
$ bundle install
```

Alternatively, check out the [`stackdriver`](../stackdriver) gem that includes
the `google-cloud-error_reporting` gem.

## Enable Stackdriver Error Reporting API

The Stackdriver Error Reporting library needs the [Stackdriver Error
Reporting API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/clouderrorreporting.googleapis.com)
to be enabled on your Google Cloud project. Make sure it's enabled if not
already.

## Reporting errors in Rack-based frameworks

The Stackdriver Error Reporting library for Ruby makes it easy to integrate
Stackdriver Error Reporting into popular Rack-based Ruby web frameworks such as
Ruby on Rails and Sinatra. When the library integration is enabled, it
automatically reports exceptions captured from the application's Rack stack.

### With Ruby on Rails

You can load the Railtie that comes with the library into your Ruby
on Rails application by explicitly requiring it during the application startup:

```ruby
# In config/application.rb
require "google/cloud/error_reporting/rails"
```

If you're using the `stackdriver` gem, it automatically loads the Railtie into
your application when it starts.

### With other Rack-based frameworks

Other Rack-based frameworks, such as Sinatra, can use the Rack Middleware
provided by the library:

```ruby
require "google/cloud/error_reporting"
use Google::Cloud::ErrorReporting::Middleware
```

## Reporting errors manually

Manually reporting an error is as easy as calling the report method:

```ruby
require "google/cloud/error_reporting"
begin
  fail "boom!"
rescue => exception
  Google::Cloud::ErrorReporting.report exception
end
```

## Configuring the library

You can customize the behavior of the Stackdriver Error Reporting library for
Ruby. See the [configuration guide](../stackdriver/docs/configuration.md) for a list
of possible configuration options.

## Running on Google Cloud Platform

The Stackdriver Error Reporting library for Ruby should work without you
manually providing authentication credentials for instances running on Google
Cloud Platform, as long as the Stackdriver Error Reporting API access scope is
enabled on that instance.

### App Engine

On Google App Engine, the Stackdriver Error Reporting API access scope is
enabled by default, and the Stackdriver Error Reporting library for Ruby can
be used without providing credentials or a project ID.

### Container Engine

On Google Container Engine, you must explicitly add the `cloud-platform` OAuth
scope when creating the cluster:

```sh
$ gcloud container clusters create example-cluster-name --scopes https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform
```

You may also do this through the Google Cloud Platform Console. Select
**Enabled** in the **Cloud Platform** section of **Create a container cluster**.

### Compute Engine

For Google Compute Engine instances, you must explicitly enable the
`cloud-platform` access scope for each instance. When you create a new instance
through the Google Cloud Platform Console, you can do this under Identity and
API access: Use the Compute Engine default service account and select "Allow
full access to all Cloud APIs" under Access scopes.

## Running locally and elsewhere

To run the Stackdriver Error Reporting outside of Google Cloud Platform, you
must supply your GCP project ID and appropriate service account credentials
directly to the Stackdriver Error Reporting. This applies to running the
library on your own workstation, on your datacenter's computers, or on the VM
instances of another cloud provider. See the [Authentication
section](#authentication) for instructions on how to do so.

## Authentication

The Instrumentation client and API use Service Account credentials to connect
to Google Cloud services. When running on Google Cloud Platform environments,
the credentials will be discovered automatically. When running on other
environments the Service Account credentials can be specified by providing in
several ways.

The best way to provide authentication information if you're using Ruby on Rails
is through the Rails configuration interface:

```ruby
# in config/environments/*.rb
Rails.application.configure do |config|
  # Shared parameters
  config.google_cloud.project_id = "your-project-id"
  config.google_cloud.keyfile = "/path/to/key.json"
  # Or Stackdriver Error Reporting specific parameters
  config.google_cloud.error_reporting.project_id = "your-project-id"
  config.google_cloud.error_reporting.keyfile = "/path/to/key.json"
end
```

Other Rack-based applications that are loading the Rack Middleware directly or
using the manually reporting interface can leverage the configration interface:

```ruby
require "google/cloud/error_reporting"
Google::Cloud.configure do |config|
  # Shared parameters
  config.project_id = "your-project-id"
  config.keyfile = "/path/to/key.json"
  # Or Stackdriver Error Reporting specific parameters
  config.error_reporting.project_id = "your-project-id"
  config.error_reporting.keyfile = "/path/to/key.json"
end
```

This library also supports the other authentication methods provided by the
`google-cloud-ruby` suite. Instructions and configuration options are covered
in the [Authentication Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-debugger/guides/authentication).

## Enabling Logging

To enable logging for this library, set the logger for the underlying [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/tree/master/src/ruby) library. The logger that you set may be a Ruby stdlib [`Logger`](https://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.5.0/libdoc/logger/rdoc/Logger.html) as shown below, or a [`Google::Cloud::Logging::Logger`](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-logging/latest/google/cloud/logging/logger) that will write logs to [Stackdriver Logging](https://cloud.google.com/logging/). See [grpc/logconfig.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/lib/grpc/logconfig.rb) and the gRPC [spec_helper.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/spec/spec_helper.rb) for additional information.

Configuring a Ruby stdlib logger:

```ruby
require "logger"

module MyLogger
  LOGGER = Logger.new $stderr, level: Logger::WARN
  def logger
    LOGGER
  end
end

# Define a gRPC module-level logger method before grpc/logconfig.rb loads.
module GRPC
  extend MyLogger
end
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.3+.

Google provides official support for Ruby versions that are actively supported
by Ruby Core—that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal maintenance or
in security maintenance, and not end of life. Currently, this means Ruby 2.3
and later. Older versions of Ruby _may_ still work, but are unsupported and not
recommended. See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for details
about the Ruby support schedule.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

It is currently in major version zero (0.y.z), which means that anything may
change at any time and the public API should not be considered stable.

## Contributing

Contributions to this library are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the
[Contributing Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/guides/contributing)
for more information on how to get started.

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By
participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms. See
[Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under Apache 2.0. Full license text is available in
 [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Support

Please
[report bugs at the project on Github](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/issues).
Don't hesitate to
[ask questions](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-platform+ruby)
about the client or APIs on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com).
