google-cloud-translate/README.md, before:

# google-cloud-translate

[Google Cloud Translation API](https://cloud.google.com/translation/) ([docs](https://cloud.google.com/translation/docs)) provides a simple, programmatic interface for translating an arbitrary string into any supported language. It is highly responsive, so websites and applications can integrate with Translation API for fast, dynamic translation of source text. Language detection is also available in cases where the source language is unknown.

Translation API supports more than one hundred different languages, from Afrikaans to Zulu. Used in combination, this enables translation between thousands of language pairs. Also, you can send in HTML and receive HTML with translated text back. You don't need to extract your source text or reassemble the translated content.

- [google-cloud-translate API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-translate/latest)
- [google-cloud-translate on RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/gems/google-cloud-translate)
- [Google Cloud Translation API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/translation/docs)

## Quick Start

```sh
$ gem install google-cloud-translate
```

## Authentication

Like other Cloud Platform services, Google Cloud Translation API supports
authentication using a project ID and OAuth 2.0 credentials. In addition,
it supports authentication using a public API access key. (If both the API
key and the project and OAuth 2.0 credentials are provided, the API key
will be used.) Instructions and configuration options are covered in the
[Authentication Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-translate/guides/authentication).

## Example

```ruby
require "google/cloud/translate"

translate = Google::Cloud::Translate.new

translation = translate.translate "Hello world!", to: "la"

puts translation #=> Salve mundi!

translation.from #=> "en"
translation.origin #=> "Hello world!"
translation.to #=> "la"
translation.text #=> "Salve mundi!"
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.0+.

However, Ruby 2.3 or later is strongly recommended, as earlier releases have
reached or are nearing end-of-life. After June 1, 2018, Google will provide
official support only for Ruby versions that are considered current and
supported by Ruby Core (that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal
maintenance or in security maintenance).
See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for further details.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## Contributing

Contributions to this library are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the [Contributing Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/guides/contributing) for more information on how to get started.

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms. See [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under Apache 2.0. Full license text is available in [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Support

Please [report bugs at the project on Github](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/issues).
Don't hesitate to [ask questions](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-platform+ruby) about the client or APIs on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com).

Commit message:

Add documentation for enabling gRPC logging
Add documentation for enabling gRPC logging in READMEs and guides.
Add Supported Ruby Versions section if missing.
Move Supported Ruby Versions below Enabling Logging.

[closes #1907]

google-cloud-translate/README.md, after:

# google-cloud-translate

[Google Cloud Translation API](https://cloud.google.com/translation/) ([docs](https://cloud.google.com/translation/docs)) provides a simple, programmatic interface for translating an arbitrary string into any supported language. It is highly responsive, so websites and applications can integrate with Translation API for fast, dynamic translation of source text. Language detection is also available in cases where the source language is unknown.

Translation API supports more than one hundred different languages, from Afrikaans to Zulu. Used in combination, this enables translation between thousands of language pairs. Also, you can send in HTML and receive HTML with translated text back. You don't need to extract your source text or reassemble the translated content.

- [google-cloud-translate API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-translate/latest)
- [google-cloud-translate on RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/gems/google-cloud-translate)
- [Google Cloud Translation API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/translation/docs)

## Quick Start

```sh
$ gem install google-cloud-translate
```

## Authentication

Like other Cloud Platform services, Google Cloud Translation API supports
authentication using a project ID and OAuth 2.0 credentials. In addition,
it supports authentication using a public API access key. (If both the API
key and the project and OAuth 2.0 credentials are provided, the API key
will be used.) Instructions and configuration options are covered in the
[Authentication Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-translate/guides/authentication).

## Example

```ruby
require "google/cloud/translate"

translate = Google::Cloud::Translate.new

translation = translate.translate "Hello world!", to: "la"

puts translation #=> Salve mundi!

translation.from #=> "en"
translation.origin #=> "Hello world!"
translation.to #=> "la"
translation.text #=> "Salve mundi!"
```

## Enabling Logging

To enable logging for this library, set the logger for the underlying [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/tree/master/src/ruby) library. The logger that you set may be a Ruby stdlib [`Logger`](https://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.5.0/libdoc/logger/rdoc/Logger.html) as shown below, or a [`Google::Cloud::Logging::Logger`](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-logging/latest/google/cloud/logging/logger) that will write logs to [Stackdriver Logging](https://cloud.google.com/logging/). See [grpc/logconfig.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/lib/grpc/logconfig.rb) and the gRPC [spec_helper.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/spec/spec_helper.rb) for additional information.

Configuring a Ruby stdlib logger:

```ruby
require "logger"

module MyLogger
  LOGGER = Logger.new $stderr, level: Logger::WARN
  def logger
    LOGGER
  end
end

# Define a gRPC module-level logger method before grpc/logconfig.rb loads.
module GRPC
  extend MyLogger
end
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.0+.

However, Ruby 2.3 or later is strongly recommended, as earlier releases have
reached or are nearing end-of-life. After June 1, 2018, Google will provide
official support only for Ruby versions that are considered current and
supported by Ruby Core (that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal
maintenance or in security maintenance).
See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for further details.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## Contributing

Contributions to this library are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the [Contributing Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/guides/contributing) for more information on how to get started.

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms. See [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under Apache 2.0. Full license text is available in [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Support

Please [report bugs at the project on Github](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/issues).
Don't hesitate to [ask questions](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-platform+ruby) about the client or APIs on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com).
