google-cloud-resource_manager/README.md, before:

# google-cloud-resource_manager

[Google Cloud Resource Manager](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/) ([docs](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/reference/rest/)) enables you to
programmatically manage  container resources such as Organizations and Projects, that allow you to group and hierarchically organize other Cloud Platform resources. This hierarchical organization lets you easily manage common aspects of your resources such as access control and configuration settings. You may be familiar with managing projects in the [Developers Console](https://developers.google.com/console/help/new/). With this API you can do the following:

* Get a list of all projects associated with an account
* Create new projects
* Update existing projects
* Delete projects
* Undelete, or recover, projects that you don't want to delete

- [google-cloud-resource_manager API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-resource_manager/latest)
- [google-cloud-resource_manager on RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/gems/google-cloud-resource_manager)
- [Google Cloud Resource Manager documentation](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/)

## Quick Start

```sh
$ gem install google-cloud-resource_manager
```

## Authentication

The Resource Manager API currently requires authentication of a [User
Account](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OAuth2), and
cannot currently be accessed with a [Service
Account](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OAuth2ServiceAccount).
To use a User Account install the [Google Cloud
SDK](http://cloud.google.com/sdk) and authenticate with the following:

```
$ gcloud auth login
```

Also make sure all environment variables are cleared of any
service account credentials. Then google-cloud-resource_manager will be able to detect the user
authentication and connect with those credentials.

Instructions and configuration options are covered in the [Authentication Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-resource_manager/guides/authentication).

## Example

```ruby
require "google/cloud/resource_manager"

resource_manager = Google::Cloud::ResourceManager.new

# List all projects
resource_manager.projects.each do |project|
  puts projects.project_id
end

# Label a project as production
project = resource_manager.project "tokyo-rain-123"
project.update do |p|
  p.labels["env"] = "production"
end

# List only projects with the "production" label
projects = resource_manager.projects filter: "labels.env:production"
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.0+.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

It is currently in major version zero (0.y.z), which means that anything may change at any time and the public API should not be considered stable.

## Contributing

Contributions to this library are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the [Contributing Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/guides/contributing) for more information on how to get started.

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms. See [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under Apache 2.0. Full license text is available in [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Support

Please [report bugs at the project on Github](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/issues).
Don't hesitate to [ask questions](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-platform+ruby) about the client or APIs on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com).

Commit message:

Document and check for unsupported Ruby versions (#1988)

google-cloud-resource_manager/README.md, after:

# google-cloud-resource_manager

[Google Cloud Resource Manager](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/) ([docs](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/reference/rest/)) enables you to
programmatically manage  container resources such as Organizations and Projects, that allow you to group and hierarchically organize other Cloud Platform resources. This hierarchical organization lets you easily manage common aspects of your resources such as access control and configuration settings. You may be familiar with managing projects in the [Developers Console](https://developers.google.com/console/help/new/). With this API you can do the following:

* Get a list of all projects associated with an account
* Create new projects
* Update existing projects
* Delete projects
* Undelete, or recover, projects that you don't want to delete

- [google-cloud-resource_manager API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-resource_manager/latest)
- [google-cloud-resource_manager on RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/gems/google-cloud-resource_manager)
- [Google Cloud Resource Manager documentation](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/)

## Quick Start

```sh
$ gem install google-cloud-resource_manager
```

## Authentication

The Resource Manager API currently requires authentication of a [User
Account](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OAuth2), and
cannot currently be accessed with a [Service
Account](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OAuth2ServiceAccount).
To use a User Account install the [Google Cloud
SDK](http://cloud.google.com/sdk) and authenticate with the following:

```
$ gcloud auth login
```

Also make sure all environment variables are cleared of any
service account credentials. Then google-cloud-resource_manager will be able to detect the user
authentication and connect with those credentials.

Instructions and configuration options are covered in the [Authentication Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-resource_manager/guides/authentication).

## Example

```ruby
require "google/cloud/resource_manager"

resource_manager = Google::Cloud::ResourceManager.new

# List all projects
resource_manager.projects.each do |project|
  puts projects.project_id
end

# Label a project as production
project = resource_manager.project "tokyo-rain-123"
project.update do |p|
  p.labels["env"] = "production"
end

# List only projects with the "production" label
projects = resource_manager.projects filter: "labels.env:production"
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.0+.

However, Ruby 2.3 or later is strongly recommended, as earlier releases have
reached or are nearing end-of-life. After June 1, 2018, Google will provide
official support only for Ruby versions that are considered current and
supported by Ruby Core (that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal
maintenance or in security maintenance).
See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for further details.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

It is currently in major version zero (0.y.z), which means that anything may change at any time and the public API should not be considered stable.

## Contributing

Contributions to this library are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the [Contributing Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/guides/contributing) for more information on how to get started.

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms. See [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under Apache 2.0. Full license text is available in [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Support

Please [report bugs at the project on Github](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/issues).
Don't hesitate to [ask questions](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-platform+ruby) about the client or APIs on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com).
