google-cloud-bigtable/OVERVIEW.md, before:

# Cloud Bigtable

Ruby Client for Cloud Bigtable API ([Alpha](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-ruby#versioning))

[Cloud Bigtable API][Product Documentation]:
API for reading and writing the contents of Bigtables associated with a
cloud project.
- [Product Documentation][]

## Quick Start
In order to use this library, you first need to go through the following
steps:

1. [Select or create a Cloud Platform project.](https://console.cloud.google.com/project)
2. [Enable billing for your project.](https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/modify-project#enable_billing_for_a_project)
3. [Enable the Cloud Bigtable API.](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/bigtable.googleapis.com)
4. [Setup Authentication.](https://googleapis.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/docs/google-cloud/latest/file.AUTHENTICATION)

### Next Steps
- Read the [Cloud Bigtable API Product documentation][Product Documentation]
  to learn more about the product and see How-to Guides.
- View this [repository's main README](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-ruby/blob/master/README.md)
  to see the full list of Cloud APIs that we cover.

## Additional information

Google Bigtable can be configured to use gRPC's logging. To learn more, see the
{file:LOGGING.md Logging guide}.

[Product Documentation]: https://cloud.google.com/bigtable

Commit message:

Add Bigtable Emulator support
Allow the emulator host to be provided in the BIGTABLE_EMULATOR_HOST
environment variable, or the emulator_host argument.
Add EMULATOR guide to show how to configure and use the emulator.

google-cloud-bigtable/OVERVIEW.md, after:

# Cloud Bigtable

Ruby Client for Cloud Bigtable API ([Alpha](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-ruby#versioning))

[Cloud Bigtable API][Product Documentation]:
API for reading and writing the contents of Bigtables associated with a
cloud project.
- [Product Documentation][]

## Quick Start
In order to use this library, you first need to go through the following
steps:

1. [Select or create a Cloud Platform project.](https://console.cloud.google.com/project)
2. [Enable billing for your project.](https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/modify-project#enable_billing_for_a_project)
3. [Enable the Cloud Bigtable API.](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/bigtable.googleapis.com)
4. [Setup Authentication.](https://googleapis.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/docs/google-cloud/latest/file.AUTHENTICATION)

### Next Steps
- Read the [Cloud Bigtable API Product documentation][Product Documentation]
  to learn more about the product and see How-to Guides.
- View this [repository's main README](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-ruby/blob/master/README.md)
  to see the full list of Cloud APIs that we cover.

## Additional information

Google Bigtable can be configured to use an emulator or to enable gRPC's
logging. To learn more, see the {file:EMULATOR.md Emulator guide} and
{file:LOGGING.md Logging guide}.

[Product Documentation]: https://cloud.google.com/bigtable
