gcloud/README.md, before:

# gcloud

#### The `gcloud` gem and `Gcloud` namespace are now deprecated.

The current `gcloud` gem exists only to facilitate the timely transition of legacy code from the deprecated `Gcloud` namespace to the new `Google::Cloud` namespace. Please see the top-level project [README](../README.md) for current information about using the `google-cloud` umbrella gem and the individual service gems.

- [gcloud API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/gcloud/latest)
- [gcloud on RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/gems/gcloud)

## Quick Start

```sh
$ gem install gcloud
```

## Authentication

Instructions and configuration options are covered in the [Authentication Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/gcloud/guides/authentication).

## Example

```ruby
require "gcloud"

gcloud = Gcloud.new
bigquery = gcloud.bigquery
dataset = bigquery.dataset "my-dataset"
table = dataset.table "my-table"
table.data.each do |row|
  puts row
end
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.0+.

However, Ruby 2.3 or later is strongly recommended, as earlier releases have
reached or are nearing end-of-life. After June 1, 2018, Google will provide
official support only for Ruby versions that are considered current and
supported by Ruby Core (that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal
maintenance or in security maintenance).
See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for further details.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

It is currently in major version zero (0.y.z), which means that anything may change at any time and the public API should not be considered stable.

## Contributing

Contributions to this library are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the [Contributing Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/guides/contributing) for more information on how to get started.

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms. See [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under Apache 2.0. Full license text is available in [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Support

Please [report bugs at the project on Github](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/issues).
Don't hesitate to [ask questions](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-platform+ruby) about the client or APIs on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com).

Commit message:

Officially support only Ruby 2.3 and later (#2130)
Update readmes to reflect Ruby version requirements, stop testing EOL Ruby versions, and remove hacks that allowed us to continue testing against EOL Ruby versions.

gcloud/README.md, after:

# gcloud

#### The `gcloud` gem and `Gcloud` namespace are now deprecated.

The current `gcloud` gem exists only to facilitate the timely transition of legacy code from the deprecated `Gcloud` namespace to the new `Google::Cloud` namespace. Please see the top-level project [README](../README.md) for current information about using the `google-cloud` umbrella gem and the individual service gems.

- [gcloud API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/gcloud/latest)
- [gcloud on RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/gems/gcloud)

## Quick Start

```sh
$ gem install gcloud
```

## Authentication

Instructions and configuration options are covered in the [Authentication Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/gcloud/guides/authentication).

## Example

```ruby
require "gcloud"

gcloud = Gcloud.new
bigquery = gcloud.bigquery
dataset = bigquery.dataset "my-dataset"
table = dataset.table "my-table"
table.data.each do |row|
  puts row
end
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.3+.

Google provides official support for Ruby versions that are actively supported
by Ruby Core—that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal maintenance or
in security maintenance, and not end of life. Currently, this means Ruby 2.3
and later. Older versions of Ruby _may_ still work, but are unsupported and not
recommended. See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for details
about the Ruby support schedule.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

It is currently in major version zero (0.y.z), which means that anything may change at any time and the public API should not be considered stable.

## Contributing

Contributions to this library are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the [Contributing Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/guides/contributing) for more information on how to get started.

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms. See [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under Apache 2.0. Full license text is available in [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Support

Please [report bugs at the project on Github](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/issues).
Don't hesitate to [ask questions](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-platform+ruby) about the client or APIs on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com).
