google-cloud-speech/README.md, before:

# google-cloud-speech

[Google Cloud Speech API](https://cloud.google.com/speech/) ([docs](https://cloud.google.com/speech/docs)) enables developers to convert audio to text by applying powerful neural network models.

- [google-cloud-speech API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-speech/latest)
- [google-cloud-speech on RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/gems/google-cloud-speech)
- [Google Cloud Speech API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/speech/docs)

## Quick Start

```sh
$ gem install google-cloud-speech
```

## Authentication

This library uses Service Account credentials to connect to Google Cloud services. When running on Compute Engine the credentials will be discovered automatically. When running on other environments the Service Account credentials can be specified by providing the path to the JSON file, or the JSON itself, in environment variables.

Instructions and configuration options are covered in the [Authentication Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-speech/guides/authentication).

## Example

```ruby
require "google/cloud/speech"

speech = Google::Cloud::Speech.new

audio = speech.audio "path/to/audio.raw",
                     encoding: :linear16,
                     language: "en-US",
                     sample_rate: 16000

results = audio.recognize
result = results.first
result.transcript #=> "how old is the Brooklyn Bridge"
result.confidence #=> 0.9826789498329163
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.0+.

However, Ruby 2.3 or later is strongly recommended, as earlier releases have
reached or are nearing end-of-life. After June 1, 2018, Google will provide
official support only for Ruby versions that are considered current and
supported by Ruby Core (that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal
maintenance or in security maintenance).
See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for further details.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

It is currently in major version zero (0.y.z), which means that anything may change at any time and the public API should not be considered stable.

## Contributing

Contributions to this library are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the [Contributing Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/guides/contributing) for more information on how to get started.

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms. See [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under Apache 2.0. Full license text is available in [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Support

Please [report bugs at the project on Github](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/issues).
Don't hesitate to [ask questions](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-ruby) about the client or APIs on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com).

Commit message:

Add documentation for enabling gRPC logging
Add documentation for enabling gRPC logging in READMEs and guides.
Add Supported Ruby Versions section if missing.
Move Supported Ruby Versions below Enabling Logging.

[closes #1907]

google-cloud-speech/README.md, after:

# google-cloud-speech

[Google Cloud Speech API](https://cloud.google.com/speech/) ([docs](https://cloud.google.com/speech/docs)) enables developers to convert audio to text by applying powerful neural network models.

- [google-cloud-speech API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-speech/latest)
- [google-cloud-speech on RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/gems/google-cloud-speech)
- [Google Cloud Speech API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/speech/docs)

## Quick Start

```sh
$ gem install google-cloud-speech
```

## Authentication

This library uses Service Account credentials to connect to Google Cloud services. When running on Compute Engine the credentials will be discovered automatically. When running on other environments the Service Account credentials can be specified by providing the path to the JSON file, or the JSON itself, in environment variables.

Instructions and configuration options are covered in the [Authentication Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-speech/guides/authentication).

## Example

```ruby
require "google/cloud/speech"

speech = Google::Cloud::Speech.new

audio = speech.audio "path/to/audio.raw",
                     encoding: :linear16,
                     language: "en-US",
                     sample_rate: 16000

results = audio.recognize
result = results.first
result.transcript #=> "how old is the Brooklyn Bridge"
result.confidence #=> 0.9826789498329163
```

## Enabling Logging

To enable logging for this library, set the logger for the underlying [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/tree/master/src/ruby) library. The logger that you set may be a Ruby stdlib [`Logger`](https://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.5.0/libdoc/logger/rdoc/Logger.html) as shown below, or a [`Google::Cloud::Logging::Logger`](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-logging/latest/google/cloud/logging/logger) that will write logs to [Stackdriver Logging](https://cloud.google.com/logging/). See [grpc/logconfig.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/lib/grpc/logconfig.rb) and the gRPC [spec_helper.rb](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/ruby/spec/spec_helper.rb) for additional information.

Configuring a Ruby stdlib logger:

```ruby
require "logger"

module MyLogger
  LOGGER = Logger.new $stderr, level: Logger::WARN
  def logger
    LOGGER
  end
end

# Define a gRPC module-level logger method before grpc/logconfig.rb loads.
module GRPC
  extend MyLogger
end
```

## Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.0+.

However, Ruby 2.3 or later is strongly recommended, as earlier releases have
reached or are nearing end-of-life. After June 1, 2018, Google will provide
official support only for Ruby versions that are considered current and
supported by Ruby Core (that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal
maintenance or in security maintenance).
See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for further details.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

It is currently in major version zero (0.y.z), which means that anything may change at any time and the public API should not be considered stable.

## Contributing

Contributions to this library are always welcome and highly encouraged.

See the [Contributing Guide](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/guides/contributing) for more information on how to get started.

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms. See [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under Apache 2.0. Full license text is available in [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Support

Please [report bugs at the project on Github](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/issues).
Don't hesitate to [ask questions](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-ruby) about the client or APIs on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com).
