google-cloud-video_intelligence/README.md, before:

# Ruby Client for Cloud Video Intelligence API ([GA](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby#versioning))

[Cloud Video Intelligence API][Product Documentation]:
Cloud Video Intelligence API.
- [Client Library Documentation][]
- [Product Documentation][]

## Quick Start
In order to use this library, you first need to go through the following
steps:

1. [Select or create a Cloud Platform project.](https://console.cloud.google.com/project)
2. [Enable billing for your project.](https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/modify-project#enable_billing_for_a_project)
3. [Enable the Cloud Video Intelligence API.](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/video-intelligence)
4. [Setup Authentication.](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud/master/guides/authentication)

### Installation
```
$ gem install google-cloud-video_intelligence
```

### Preview
#### VideoIntelligenceServiceClient
```rb
require "google/cloud/video_intelligence"

video_intelligence_service_client = Google::Cloud::VideoIntelligence.new
input_uri = "gs://demomaker/cat.mp4"
features_element = :LABEL_DETECTION
features = [features_element]

# Register a callback during the method call.
operation = video_intelligence_service_client.annotate_video(input_uri: input_uri, features: features) do |op|
  raise op.results.message if op.error?
  op_results = op.results
  # Process the results.

  metadata = op.metadata
  # Process the metadata.
end

# Or use the return value to register a callback.
operation.on_done do |op|
  raise op.results.message if op.error?
  op_results = op.results
  # Process the results.

  metadata = op.metadata
  # Process the metadata.
end

# Manually reload the operation.
operation.reload!

# Or block until the operation completes, triggering callbacks on
# completion.
operation.wait_until_done!
```

### Next Steps
- Read the [Client Library Documentation][] for Cloud Video Intelligence API
  to see other available methods on the client.
- Read the [Cloud Video Intelligence API Product documentation][Product Documentation]
  to learn more about the product and see How-to Guides.
- View this [repository's main README](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/blob/master/README.md)
  to see the full list of Cloud APIs that we cover.

[Client Library Documentation]: https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-video_intelligence/latest/google/cloud/videointelligence/v1
[Product Documentation]: https://cloud.google.com/video-intelligence

Commit message:

Document and check for unsupported Ruby versions (#1988)

google-cloud-video_intelligence/README.md, after:

# Ruby Client for Cloud Video Intelligence API ([GA](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby#versioning))

[Cloud Video Intelligence API][Product Documentation]:
Cloud Video Intelligence API.
- [Client Library Documentation][]
- [Product Documentation][]

## Quick Start
In order to use this library, you first need to go through the following
steps:

1. [Select or create a Cloud Platform project.](https://console.cloud.google.com/project)
2. [Enable billing for your project.](https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/modify-project#enable_billing_for_a_project)
3. [Enable the Cloud Video Intelligence API.](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/video-intelligence)
4. [Setup Authentication.](https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud/master/guides/authentication)

### Installation
```
$ gem install google-cloud-video_intelligence
```

### Preview
#### VideoIntelligenceServiceClient
```rb
require "google/cloud/video_intelligence"

video_intelligence_service_client = Google::Cloud::VideoIntelligence.new
input_uri = "gs://demomaker/cat.mp4"
features_element = :LABEL_DETECTION
features = [features_element]

# Register a callback during the method call.
operation = video_intelligence_service_client.annotate_video(input_uri: input_uri, features: features) do |op|
  raise op.results.message if op.error?
  op_results = op.results
  # Process the results.

  metadata = op.metadata
  # Process the metadata.
end

# Or use the return value to register a callback.
operation.on_done do |op|
  raise op.results.message if op.error?
  op_results = op.results
  # Process the results.

  metadata = op.metadata
  # Process the metadata.
end

# Manually reload the operation.
operation.reload!

# Or block until the operation completes, triggering callbacks on
# completion.
operation.wait_until_done!
```

### Supported Ruby Versions

This library is supported on Ruby 2.0+.

However, Ruby 2.3 or later is strongly recommended, as earlier releases have
reached or are nearing end-of-life. After June 1, 2018, Google will provide
official support only for Ruby versions that are considered current and
supported by Ruby Core (that is, Ruby versions that are either in normal
maintenance or in security maintenance).
See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/ for further details.

### Next Steps
- Read the [Client Library Documentation][] for Cloud Video Intelligence API
  to see other available methods on the client.
- Read the [Cloud Video Intelligence API Product documentation][Product Documentation]
  to learn more about the product and see How-to Guides.
- View this [repository's main README](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-ruby/blob/master/README.md)
  to see the full list of Cloud APIs that we cover.

[Client Library Documentation]: https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-ruby/#/docs/google-cloud-video_intelligence/latest/google/cloud/videointelligence/v1
[Product Documentation]: https://cloud.google.com/video-intelligence
